Kernel:(Linux-Monolithic Kernel
 
          where all operating system services operate in kernel space)

Kernel is a system software and part of an Operating system. 

Kernel acts as an interface between Physical Hardware and all the Processes of computer (user-level applications and hardware i.e. CPU and disk memory.)

Whenever the system boots, the kernel is the first program loaded after the bootloader since the kernel must handle the rest of the system for the operating system
The kernel will remain in memory until the operating system is shut down.

Kernel is responsible for Memory Management , Device Management, Task Management. 





In root directory these are the default standard sub directories:

bin(binaries) : All the executable binaries are present in this directory which is used while booting 
                Its one of the important directory in the structure , if its gets deleted then system will not boot up
            
             bin contains programs (and scripts) that are used in many contexts (like ls, cp ,cat)


boot(boot files) :It contains Linux kernel and allocates  initial RAM disk image and initiates bootloader. 
       Configuration file of boot loader (GRUB -- it’s a tool which is used by OS to boot) is located under this directory .
      initrd.img – a temporary file system, used prior to loading the kernel
      System.map – a symbol lookup table(symbol names and their addresses in memory)

dev(device files):consists of files that represent devices that are attached to the local system
However, these are not regular files that a user can read and write to; these files are called devices files or special files 

etc  : It stores storage system configuration files, executables required to boot the system, and some log files.
     Most global config files are located in the /etc directory.(/etc/fstab(to mount) ,etc/hosts (a file which maps IP addresses to their hostnames))

home  :With the home directory the user can store all their  files, login scripts, and user information

lib  :All the libraries will be loaded from here required by your binaries while booting.
  
lost+found :Data recovery of that devices
 
media : Auto mounting.  For example, when you insert a CD into your Linux system, a directory will automatically be created inside the /media directory.
 
mnt :It is used to mount temporary mount points for mounting storage devices
 
opt : Optional software -- to install optinal software. 
 
proc :It contains useful information about the processes that are currently running, it is regarded as control and information center for kernel
 
root : root home directory  :Its a home directory for the root user 

run : To store temporary files used in system boot.
 
sbin :sbin contains "administrative tools" (like fdisk(format disk) , mkfs(make file sysytem),adduser....) 
  
snap  : where the files and folders from installed snap packages appear on your system.

srv : Contains service files installed on your system i.e contains data for services provided by the system
 (if you run a HTTP server it is a good practice to store the website data in srv)

sys : information about the kernel's view of the system.(a virtual filesystem, which stores and allows modification of the devices connected to the system)
 
tmp :stores temporary files on the system. 

usr:user binaries  
Contains binary programs used by a user.   

var :variable 
Contains the files which is not static and expected to be changed after every operations performed on Linux system 
(Files that have an unexpected size and whose content is expected to change continuously during normal operation of the system are stored here. For example log files)





